---
title: "CSE 528 Computer Graphics"
collection: teaching
type: "Graduate Course"
permalink: /teaching/cse-528
venue: "Department of Computer Science, Stony Brook University"
date: 2024-08-26
location: "Stony Brook, New York, United States"
---

CSE 528 is a graduate course which provide graduate students a comprehensive knowledge on computer graphics concepts, theories, algorithms, techniques, and applications for modeling, simulation, rendering, animation, human-computer interactions, and other key elements of visual computing. It also demonstrates the significance of these mathematical and computational tools and graphics algorithms in visual computing and relevant areas. I served as a Teaching Assistant in the following semesters: Spring 2021, Spring 2022, Spring 2023, Spring 2024. 

Apart from regular work as a Teaching Assistant (hosting office hours, grading assignments and exam papers, and hosting in-class recitations of exam results), I'm also offering tutorials on OpenGL programming with C++/Python, as well as cutting-edge research topics involving my own research work and other concurrent works pertient to related topics. These tutorials are much appreciated by students taking the course. 

I also helped the course instructor completely re-design (in Spring 2021) and maintain (in all succeeding semesters) the [course website](https://www3.cs.stonybrook.edu/~qin/courses/graphics/graphics.html). I also worked on refining the course policies with details, including submission policies, testing platforms, grading policies, etc. These efforts have made the course more formal than before. 

Furthermore, I'm offering program templates to students, and to offer students with comfortable and efficient office visits, I completed all programming assignments myself too (the templates are extracted by my own solutions). In principle, I'm keeping these program templates and sample solutions confidential. However, if you are interested in these materials with a fair reason, please don't hesitate to contact me. 

Please refer to my [TA Help Page](https://www3.cs.stonybrook.edu/~xihan1/courses/cse528/ta_help_page.html) for more details. 
